I'm back on Geonic to documentation any component documentation to be precise and I want to actually
ask quite a lot of components which allow you to create nice user interfaces.
Actually too many you covered them all Step-By-Step but most of them are pretty straightforward to use.
And you also get detailed descriptions when checking them out here.
For example if you have a look at the checkbox you will see some examples and how to use a checkbox
as you can see it's pretty straightforward and you will also be able to see that something we will use
in our up of course to you have a lot of ionic components for components you would have in normal age
Jamail 2 for example ion label which allows you to create a nicely looking nicely styled label but in
the end it's the same as the normal HVM label element just have some extra features.
So I definitely recommend having a look at this component documentation for your use case for the import
components.
You're going to need.
You're going to see a few throughout this app here.
But again there are just too many to cover them all.
However using them is really straightforward and should be a breeze with this documentation.
Now enough of the documentation let's dive into using some of them in our own app here